# Welcome

### Our goal is to not only provide the best, evidence-based care possible, but to also provide total patient satisfaction.

The vision of Memphis Pediatric Heart is simple:  to provide comprehensive cardiology care for children of all ages and young adults in the greater Memphis region and North Mississippi in such a way that families know they are in the very best hands. For every referral, an appointment can be made within just a few days, and same-day visits are available when needed. Each visit is designed to be “no-rush”, thorough, and unintimidating for the child. On-site non-invasive testing can be done if needed, and results will be given to families before that visit is over. We will make sure that all questions are answered in detail and any concerns addressed, so that you know and understand your child’s diagnosis and plans to deal with any issues. When dealing with heart defects, there is sometimes a need for the child to be referred to a surgical program--we have the ability to refer your child to the best center for their invasive cardiac testing or surgery. Everything we do is guided by the idea that each child should be treated as our own. The child is always at the forefront of our decision-making and our goals. Without question, Memphis Pediatric Heart cares—cares about the kids, cares about new medical advances, and cares enough to go the extra mile for each child and each family. We can see infants and children at every hospital in the city. We also have a satellite clinic in Tupelo and another in Oxford planned in the near future in order to better serve the already very well established North Mississippi base that Dr. Stamps covers.
